Chen Tianyi
Don't forget that I'm the mistress of this villa, so don't forget that I'm the owner of this company
This is my villa.
Chacha is so good
I let him rent it in as a reward
Tianyi brother
I'm not talking so hard about clients for rewards
I just think you're working too hard alone
Mr. Bai can't help you
Did you see it?
How sensible is Chacha?
He pulls investments and talks about clients every day for the company
He lives here closer to the company. What's the matter?
And you spend every day when your shoes are broken
It doesn't help the company at all
You are blind to my value
That's okay.
I don't care about you.
I'll give you one last chance.
You tell him to get out of here
Bai Fengyun is now my chance to give you
I made you a rich wife
I let you live in a big villa
Without me, you are nothing
Look at you dead now
Come and take a look again
Really off-putting
unappetizing
Chen Tianyi
I work day and night in the lab every day, and in the end, it's your turn against your appetite
I rely on ability
Not coquettish
Fine, if that's how you see me.
Then you and your company
Stop for me
Get angry at every turn
What are you without me?
You just can't compare to Cha
You are today because of me
Then don't come back crying and begging me
Really convinced
Does Miss Bai have any instructions?
I want to quit my job.
Then get a divorce
Okay, I'll do it for you right away.
Chen Tianyi, Chen Tianyi
Just like my previous sincerity
Feed the dog
Now.
You actually gave birth to your face
Don't blame me for being upright and domineering